okay we have the indoor survival 2010
it's the closest thing we have to a team
board of team series probably because
just about every person on the team
rides one either the camera version or
the reverse camber flat kick version at
some point throughout the year everybody
has on a quitter everybody loves it it's
just kind of a proven freestyle park
board at this you know at this point
we've had in the year in the line for a
few years and it's been very successful
for us that one a good would've or a
good would award in 2008 and have
thinking on the most visible people of
forever in it you know Scott Stevens
damn breezy those guys would have
written it a ton you know the cam
burdwan at super park and in the bigger
parks and then the reverse camber one on
on Rails all sizes from 50 to 54 56 58
and 60 they all come and your choice if
you want a camber or you want a reverse
camera flat kick version you pick we
have available both ways the graphics
are pretty sweet this year you know i'd
have to say prime of my favorite
graphics maybe ever in 10 years with
capita i just put a lot of into them
this this year ephraim made these and
they're they're just they're pretty high
pretty well pretty crazy from a
construction standpoint we had a
reforestation certified sustainable core
by ax glass we have carbon kevlar
stringers and there we depend on on the
shape so in the reverse camber flat kick
version we have four independent carbon
our load bars that except exceed pass
inserts so that's just longitudinal
stiffness and power and pop and then on
the Cabot version we have a carbon
kevlar X that goes through the middle of
the board and that just helps the
torsional rigidity and stiffness of you
know turn control retention that that
type of thing flex rating it's just a
nice medium medium flex you know I'd say
it's a five so really easy to to butter
really easy to press but still has has
pop and you know the camford one riding
big jumps landing there's enough
stiffness there in the tail or you can
kind of power output your back foot down
and right away and price tag kept it
under 400 bucks so three hundred ninety
nine dollars five sizes to camber shapes
team approved and there you go indoor
survival
you